do you know where you are right now I'm
in a drug trial what do you think is
wrong with you I'm sick I don't matter
what would you say this trial is showing
you about yourself this therapy now it's
not therapy
it's science once you begin to
appreciate the structure of the mind
there's no reason to believe that
anything about us can't be changed pain
can be destroyed the mind can be solved
how many of your subjects have ended up
catatonic zero my head doesn't work
right I thought maybe these people can
fix me sounds stupid
that doesn't sound stupid to me okay
people let's begin
my mind is playing tricks
[Music]
[Applause]
this is a multi reality brain magic [ __ ]
I don't know what's real and what's not
[Music]
something's wrong what did you do every
time I separate them they just find
their way back together
not protecting those people in there
[Music]
you